They actually took Mrs. Chen
Imprisoned with Prince Xiao
They all mentioned that the Ouyang family kowtowed before the ranking to make amends
Seven Shames
What a shame!
It's too much.
Does the Ouyang family have no sense of awe at all?
Does he really not care about the majesty of the Big Three?
And not only that.
I, Yang Feilong, also started the live stream.
Let everyone see
It doesn't matter if my Fang family sees it.
The Chen family knelt
This country is a laughingstock
Miss, I have an idea
Let him speculate tomorrow
Are you going to Ouyang's house?
Arrange the ancestral grave of the Ouyang family
That won't work
There you go.
I really can't seem to see any scars on my face.
And not only that.
The skin is even whiter and more tender than before
The most powerful cosmetic surgery is not as powerful as this, right?
I said trust me, it'll be alright
Yueyue
You look beautiful.